TINY-4612: Update inline_boundaries to work with home/end/pgup/pgdown keys (#6528)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - Added support for `inline_boundaries` to work with home/end/pgup/pgdown keys

Reviewer: Please include the JIRA number at the end of the sentence like the other entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `inline_boundaries` feature now supports the `home`, `end`, `pageup` and `pgdown` keys #TINY-4612
```

Author: updated

## Unreleased

### Added
- The `inline_boundaries` feature now supports the `home`, `end`, `pageup` and `pagedown` keys #TINY-4612

> - Added a new KeyCodes `PAGE_UP` and `PAGE_DOWN` #TINY-4612

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new `PAGE_UP` and `PAGE_DOWN` key code constants to the `VK` API #TINY-4612
```

Author: updated
